doc/source/dev_guide/dev_env.rst, before:

Development Environment
=======================

Before adding components to polar2grid you will need to set up a polar2grid
development environment.  This will make it easier to get the newest updates
from other developers and vice versa. Creating a development environment does
not provide the bash wrapper scripts since they depend on a software bundle.
It is recommended that you contact the Polar2Grid team before adding/developing
any new features to coordinate efforts.

The main code repository for polar2grid can be found on github at
https://github.com/ssec/polar2grid.
Changes to this repository are done through a
`pull request <https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests>`_
which will require creating a
`fork <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>`_ of the repository.

The following instructions will assist in getting an environment up and running
that will allow for easy development of polar2grid. The instructions will use a
conda-based Python environment. This isn't strictly required, but is the
easiest way to get going.

1. Get a copy of the code repository:
   
    ::

        mkdir ~/polar2grid
        cd ~/polar2grid
        git clone https://github.com/ssec/polar2grid.git
        cd polar2grid


2. Run the development installation script:

    ::

        ./create_dev_env.sh /path/to/your_dev_env

    This script will walk you through a few questions including whether or not to use ShellB3 (linux only), provide
    a preinstalled ShellB3, or build and install secondary polar2grid components.

3. Add paths to your environment

    At the end of step #2 the script prints a couple lines that should be added to your ``.bash_profile`` or
    ``.bashrc``. Adding these lines, logging out, and logging back in will make polar2grid available to your shell.

    To run polar2grid from your new development environment run the following
    command. This command uses viirs2awips, but any other :term:`glue script` or polar2grid utility
    should follow the same basic calling sequence::

        polar2grid.sh viirs awips -vvv -g 211e -f /path/to/test/data/files/SVI01*
        # for more options run
        polar2grid.sh viirs awips -h

Commit message:

Fix various sphinx documentation warnings and errors (#371)
* Fix various sphinx documentation warnings and errors

* Move P2G specific resampling documentation to central resampling document

* Add Polar2Grid specific custom composite information

doc/source/dev_guide/dev_env.rst, after:

Development Environment
=======================

Before adding components to polar2grid you will need to set up a polar2grid
development environment.  This will make it easier to get the newest updates
from other developers and vice versa. Creating a development environment does
not provide the bash wrapper scripts since they depend on a software bundle.
It is recommended that you contact the Polar2Grid team before adding/developing
any new features to coordinate efforts.

The main code repository for polar2grid can be found on github at
https://github.com/ssec/polar2grid.
Changes to this repository are done through a
`pull request <https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests>`_
which will require creating a
`fork <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>`_ of the repository.

The following instructions will assist in getting an environment up and running
that will allow for easy development of polar2grid. The instructions will use an
existing conda-based Python environment. This isn't strictly required, but is the
easiest way to get going. To avoid possible Terms of Service issues with
Anaconda.org, we recommend using ``miniforge`` or ``mambaforge`` to install
conda on your system. See https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#miniforge
for more information.

1. Get a copy of the code repository:

   .. code-block:: bash

       mkdir ~/polar2grid
       cd ~/polar2grid
       git clone https://github.com/ssec/polar2grid.git
       cd polar2grid


2. Create a conda environment specifically for Polar2Grid/Geo2Grid work:

   .. code-block:: bash

       conda env create -n p2g_dev --file build_environment.yml

    This script will walk you through a few questions including whether or not to use ShellB3 (linux only), provide
    a preinstalled ShellB3, or build and install secondary polar2grid components.

3. Active the conda environment and install "polar2grid" in development mode:

   .. code-block:: bash

       conda activate p2g_dev
       pip install --no-deps -e .

4. Run "polar2grid.sh" or "geo2grid.sh" to run example commands. These scripts
   are made available because you installed the python package above. Any
   changes made to the source code should be automatically reflected when you
   run these scripts. There are also "polar2grid" and "geo2grid" helper
   scripts when on non-bash environments. All of these scripts are simple
   wrappers around calling `python -m polar2grid.glue ...` which can be used
   as an alternative.
