doc/source/remapping.rst, before:

Remapping
=========

Remapping is the process of mapping satellite data to a uniform grid. Mapping
data to a uniform grid makes it easier to view, manipulate, and store the data.
Some instrument data is provided to the user already gridded (ex.
VIIRS EDR Flood, ABI L1B data)
and others are not (ex. VIIRS SDR or older GOES satellites).

In |project| it is possible to perform the gridding (reprojecting) process for
ungridded data or to re-project already gridded data. Mapping input data in
order to create a high quality image can be a complicated process. There are
different techniques that can be used to create an output image based on what
grid (projection) is chosen and what algorithm is used to map input pixel to
output pixel.  |project| offers various options that are described below.
Defaults are also configured to provide a good result without any customization
necessary.

Native Resampling
-----------------

Native resampling is a special type of resampling that keeps input data in its
original projection, but replicates or averages data when necessary to make
other processing in |project| easier. Native resampling is the default for all
data that is already gridded (ABI, AHI, etc) or when a native grid is specified
by the user on the command line (``-g MIN``). It can also be specified on the
command line by using ``--method native``. See the Command Line Arguments
section below for more details and the options available.

Elliptical Weighted Averaging Resampling
----------------------------------------

Elliptical Weighted Averaging (EWA) resampling is the default resampling method
for a lot of scan-based polar-orbiting instrument data. This method uses the
size of each instrument scan to determine a weight for each pixel. All input
pixels that map to output pixels are weighted and averaged. This helps
produce an image that is typically higher quality than those produced by
nearest neighbor.

Nearest Neighbor Resampling
---------------------------

Nearest neighbor resampling is the most basic form of resampling when gridding
data to another grid. This type of resampling will find the nearest valid input
pixel for each pixel in the output image. If a valid pixel can't be found near
a location then an invalid (transparent) pixel is put in its place. Controlling
this search distance and other options are described below in the Command Line
Arguments section. Nearest neighbor resampling can be specified on the command line
with ``--method nearest`` and is the default when non-native grids are specified
to the command line (``-g my_grid``) for gridded data or if polar-orbiting
instrument data is not scan-based (required for EWA).

Note that nearest neighbor resampling can cache intermediate calculations to files
on disk when the same grid is used. For example, the calculations required to
resample ABI L1B data to the same output grid for each time step are the same.
If a directory is specified with the ``--cache-dir`` command line flag, this can
greatly improve performance. This has no benefit for polar-orbiting swath-based
data.

Grids
-----

|project| uses the idea of "grids" to define the output geographic location
that images will be remapped to. Grids are also known as "areas" in the
SatPy library. These terms may be used interchangeably through this
documentation, especially in low-level parts.

|project| uses grids defined by a PROJ.4 projection specification.
Other parameters that define a grid like its width and height can be
determined dynamically during this step. A grid is defined by the following parameters:

 - Grid Name
 - PROJ.4 String (either lat/lon or metered projection space)
 - Width (number of pixels in the X direction)
 - Height (number of pixels in the Y direction)
 - Cell Width (pixel size in the X direction in grid units)
 - Cell Height (pixel size in the Y direction in grid units)
 - X Origin (upper-left X coordinate in grid units)
 - Y Origin (upper-left Y coordinate in grid units)

|project| supports static and dynamic grids. Grids are static if they have all of the
above attributes defined. Grids are dynamic if some of the attributes are not defined.
These attributes are then computed at run time based on the data being remapped. Only
width/height and x/y origin can be unspecified in dynamic grids.
SatPy areas are also supported by |project|, but must be specified in
SatPy's typical "areas.yaml" file.

For information on defining your own custom grids see the
:doc:`Custom Grid <custom_grids>` documentation.

Command Line Argument
---------------------


.. argparse::
    :module: polar2grid._glue_argparser
    :func: add_resample_argument_groups
    :prog: geo2grid.sh -r <reader> -w <writer>
    :passparser:
    :nodefaultconst:

Commit message:

Fixed location of polar2grid arguments info.

doc/source/remapping.rst, after:

Remapping
=========

Remapping is the process of mapping satellite data to a uniform grid. Mapping
data to a uniform grid makes it easier to view, manipulate, and store the data.
Some instrument data is provided to the user already gridded (ex.
VIIRS EDR Flood, ABI L1B data)
and others are not (ex. VIIRS SDR or older GOES satellites).

In |project| it is possible to perform the gridding (reprojecting) process for
ungridded data or to re-project already gridded data. Mapping input data in
order to create a high quality image can be a complicated process. There are
different techniques that can be used to create an output image based on what
grid (projection) is chosen and what algorithm is used to map input pixel to
output pixel.  |project| offers various options that are described below.
Defaults are also configured to provide a good result without any customization
necessary.

Native Resampling
-----------------

Native resampling is a special type of resampling that keeps input data in its
original projection, but replicates or averages data when necessary to make
other processing in |project| easier. Native resampling is the default for all
data that is already gridded (ABI, AHI, etc) or when a native grid is specified
by the user on the command line (``-g MIN``). It can also be specified on the
command line by using ``--method native``. See the Command Line Arguments
section below for more details and the options available.

Elliptical Weighted Averaging Resampling
----------------------------------------

Elliptical Weighted Averaging (EWA) resampling is the default resampling method
for a lot of scan-based polar-orbiting instrument data. This method uses the
size of each instrument scan to determine a weight for each pixel. All input
pixels that map to output pixels are weighted and averaged. This helps
produce an image that is typically higher quality than those produced by
nearest neighbor. It fits an ellipse to the data in the two
axes based upon the ``--weight-delta-max`` and the ``--weight-distance-max``
options and then filters the texture with a Gaussian filter function.
It can be specified on the command line by using ``method ewa``.


Nearest Neighbor Resampling
---------------------------

Nearest neighbor resampling is the most basic form of resampling when gridding
data to another grid. This type of resampling will find the nearest valid input
pixel for each pixel in the output image. If a valid pixel can't be found near
a location then an invalid (transparent) pixel is put in its place. Controlling
this search distance and other options are described below in the Command Line
Arguments section. Nearest neighbor resampling can be specified on the command line
with ``--method nearest`` and is the default when non-native grids are specified
to the command line (``-g my_grid``) for gridded data or if polar-orbiting
instrument data is not scan-based (required for EWA).

Note that nearest neighbor resampling can cache intermediate calculations to files
on disk when the same grid is used. For example, the calculations required to
resample ABI L1B data to the same output grid for each time step are the same.
If a directory is specified with the ``--cache-dir`` command line flag, this can
greatly improve performance. This has no benefit for polar-orbiting swath-based
data.

Grids
-----

|project| uses the idea of "grids" to define the output geographic location
that images will be remapped to. Grids are also known as "areas" in the
SatPy library. These terms may be used interchangeably through this
documentation, especially in low-level parts.

|project| uses grids defined by a PROJ.4 projection specification.
Other parameters that define a grid like its width and height can be
determined dynamically during this step. A grid is defined by the following parameters:

 - Grid Name
 - PROJ.4 String (either lat/lon or metered projection space)
 - Width (number of pixels in the X direction)
 - Height (number of pixels in the Y direction)
 - Cell Width (pixel size in the X direction in grid units)
 - Cell Height (pixel size in the Y direction in grid units)
 - X Origin (upper-left X coordinate in grid units)
 - Y Origin (upper-left Y coordinate in grid units)

|project| supports static and dynamic grids. Grids are static if they have all of the
above attributes defined. Grids are dynamic if some of the attributes are not defined.
These attributes are then computed at run time based on the data being remapped. Only
width/height and x/y origin can be unspecified in dynamic grids.
SatPy areas are also supported by |project|, but must be specified in
SatPy's typical "areas.yaml" file.

For information on defining your own custom grids see the
:doc:`Custom Grid <custom_grids>` documentation.

Remapping and Grid Command Line Arguments
-----------------------------------------

.. argparse::
    :module: polar2grid._glue_argparser
    :func: add_resample_argument_groups
    :prog: polar2grid.sh -r <reader> -w <writer>
    :passparser:
    :nodefaultconst:
