doc/source/examples/modis_example.rst, before:

.. raw:: latex

    \newpage

Creating MODIS AWIPS Compatible Files
-------------------------------------

This example walks through the creation of MODIS
NetCDF files for display in AWIPS.

Basic MODIS Level 1B AWIPS compatible file creation
***************************************************

Find the options available when creating MODIS AWIPS files:

    ``polar2grid.sh modis awips -h``

List the products that can be created from your MODIS L1B dataset:

    ``polar2grid.sh modis awips --list-products -f <path_to_sdr_files>``

To create MODIS AWIPS NetCDF files of all products found in your data set
for all AWIPS grids overlaid by your data:

    ``polar2grid.sh modis awips -f <path_to_sdr_files>``

Create a subset of MODIS reprojected AWIPS products for a specfic AWIPS grid:

.. code-block:: bash

    polar2grid.sh modis awips -p bt27 vis02 -g 211e -f <path_to_sdr_files>

.. figure:: ../_static/example_images/SSEC_AWIPS_aqua_modis_vis02_211e_20170308_181800.nc.png
    :width: 100%
    :align: center

    AWIPS display of Aqua MODIS Band 2 (.86 micron) reflectances from 18:18 UTC, 8 March 2017.
    

Create true color and false color Aqua MODIS AWIPS NetCDF files from the 1000m, 500m, 250m and geolocation pass files acquired on 8 March 2017 at 18:18 UTC, reprojected onto the AWIPS 211e grid:

.. code-block:: bash

    polar2grid.sh crefl awips --true-color --false-color --fornav-D 10 -g 211e -f l1b/a1.17067.1818.1000m.hdf l1b/a1.17067.1818.500m.hdf l1b/a1.17067.1818.250m.hdf  l1b/a1.17067.1818.geo.hdf


.. figure:: ../_static/example_images/modis_true_color_awips_20170308_1818.png
    :width: 100%
    :align: center

    AWIPS display of Polar2Grid MODIS corrected reflectances combined to create a 24 bit true color image.  Data was collected from a Aqua MODIS pass at 18:18 UTC, 8 March 2017.

Commit message:

Changed modis example to provide instructions on creating awips files using the new scmi writer.

doc/source/examples/modis_example.rst, after:

.. raw:: latex

    \newpage

Creating MODIS AWIPS Compatible Files
-------------------------------------

This example walks through the creation of MODIS
NetCDF files for display in AWIPS.

Basic MODIS Level 1B AWIPS compatible file creation
***************************************************

Find the options available when creating MODIS AWIPS files:

    ``polar2grid.sh modis scmi -h``

List the products that can be created from your MODIS L1B dataset.  For
the new Sectorized Cloud and Moisture Imagery (SCMI) AWIPS writer, include
the sector name (see Section 6.1.3) either Lambert Conic Conformal (LCC), 
Pacific, Mercator, or Polar:

    ``polar2grid.sh modis scmi --sector-id LCC --list-products -f <path_to_files>``

Follow the command below to create MODIS AWIPS NetCDF files of all 
Level 1B products found in your data set for your sector.  When 
using the scmi server, it is advised that a specific grid be chosen, and 
that the --letters and --compress options are used.
In our LCC example, we will use the 1km grid:

    ``polar2grid.sh modis scmi --sector-id LCC --letters --compress -g lcc_conus_1km -f <path_to_files>``

Create a subset of MODIS reprojected AWIPS products for a specfic AWIPS grid:

.. code-block:: bash

    polar2grid.sh modis scmi -p bt27 vis02 --sector-id LCC --letters --compress -g lcc_conus_1km -f <path_to__files>


.. figure:: ../_static/example_images/SSEC_AWIPS_aqua_modis_vis02_211e_20170308_181800.nc.png
    :width: 100%
    :align: center

    AWIPS display of Aqua MODIS Band 2 (.86 micron) reflectances from 18:18 UTC, 8 March 2017.
    

Create true color and false color Aqua MODIS AWIPS NetCDF files from the 1000m, 500m, 250m and geolocation pass files acquired on 8 March 2017 at 18:18 UTC, reprojected onto the LCC 300m lettered grid.

.. code-block:: bash

    polar2grid.sh crefl scmi --true-color --false-color --fornav-D 10 --sector-id LCC --letters --compress -g lcc_conus_300 -f l1b/a1.17067.1818.1000m.hdf l1b/a1.17067.1818.500m.hdf l1b/a1.17067.1818.250m.hdf  l1b/a1.17067.1818.geo.hdf

.. figure:: ../_static/example_images/modis_true_color_awips_20170308_1818.png
    :width: 100%
    :align: center

    AWIPS display of Polar2Grid MODIS corrected reflectances combined to create a 24 bit true color image.  Data was collected from a Aqua MODIS pass at 18:18 UTC, 8 March 2017.
