py/polar2grid/doc/source/tests/p2g_v2g_basic.rst, before:

viirs2gtiff Basic
=================

This test is delivered as a tarball (``p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>.tar.gz``) and can be
"installed" by untarring it::

    tar -xzf p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>.tar.gz

then it can be run using the ``run.sh`` script that is inside the untarred
directory::

    p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>/run.sh [destination directory]

.. warning::

    Do NOT run ``run.sh`` from the ``p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>`` directory.

where ``destination directory`` is an optional directory name where the test
products should be placed. By default the products are placed in
``./p2g-v2g-basic-tests-PID``. Where ``PID`` is a unique identifier created by
the run script. This command will create Geotiff files.  If it completes
successfully it should print out ``SUCCESS`` as the last line of output.

You can visually compare the geotiff images or you can run the verify script::

    p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>/verify.sh <destination directory>

where ``destination directory`` is the same as for ``run.sh``. This will
compare the geotiff files created to geotiff files that are known to be
correct (stored in the ``p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>/verify`` directory. The
comparison uses the UNIX ``diff`` utility so the files must be exact. This may
cause some machines to fail the comparison due to small differences with
floating point operations.

Test cases:

    - ak_20120408:
        :Start Time: April 8th, 2012 13:11 UTC
        :End Time: April 8th, 2012 13:21 UTC
        :Bands: DNB,I04
        :Fog Created: No
        :Forced Grid: :ref:`wgs84_fit`
        :Orbit Number: 02315

    - econus_20120928:
        :Start Time: September 28th, 2012 07:26 UTC
        :End Time: September 28th, 2012 07:39 UTC
        :Bands: DNB,I04
        :Fog Created: No
        :Forced Grid: :ref:`wgs84_fit`
        :Orbit Number: 00001

Commit message:

Updated the v2g basic verify script so that it compares each pixel and states how many pixels differed per file. Also updated the docs for that test so it mentions this.

py/polar2grid/doc/source/tests/p2g_v2g_basic.rst, after:

viirs2gtiff Basic
=================

This test is delivered as a tarball (``p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>.tar.gz``) and can be
"installed" by untarring it::

    tar -xzf p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>.tar.gz

then it can be run using the ``run.sh`` script that is inside the untarred
directory::

    p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>/run.sh [destination directory]

.. warning::

    Do NOT run ``run.sh`` from the ``p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>`` directory.

where ``destination directory`` is an optional directory name where the test
products should be placed. By default the products are placed in
``./p2g-v2g-basic-tests-PID``. Where ``PID`` is a unique identifier created by
the run script. This command will create Geotiff files.  If it completes
successfully it should print out ``SUCCESS`` as the last line of output.

You can visually compare the geotiff images or you can run the verify script::

    p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>/verify.sh <destination directory>

where ``destination directory`` is the same as for ``run.sh``. This will
compare the geotiff files created to geotiff files that are known to be
correct (stored in the ``p2g-v2g-basic-tests-<version>/verify`` directory.
Each pixel is compared and a message is printed stating a ``SUCCESS`` or
a ``FAIL`` and how many pixels differed. Small differences with floating
point operations on some machines may cause a few pixels to differ, but
this is unlikely.

Test cases:

    - ak_20120408:
        :Start Time: April 8th, 2012 13:11 UTC
        :End Time: April 8th, 2012 13:21 UTC
        :Bands: DNB,I04
        :Fog Created: No
        :Forced Grid: :ref:`wgs84_fit`
        :Orbit Number: 02315

    - econus_20120928:
        :Start Time: September 28th, 2012 07:26 UTC
        :End Time: September 28th, 2012 07:39 UTC
        :Bands: DNB,I04
        :Fog Created: No
        :Forced Grid: :ref:`wgs84_fit`
        :Orbit Number: 00001
