py/polar2grid/doc/source/advanced.rst, before:

Advanced Topics
===============

Python Package Install
----------------------

If you would like more control over your python/polar2grid environment
you can install the polar2grid python package like any basic python egg:

    ``easy_install -f http://larch.ssec.wisc.edu/cgi-bin/repos.cgi polar2grid``

Installing polar2grid in this way does require, however, that the ms2gt
utilities ``ll2cr`` and ``fornav`` must be in your $PATH environment
variable.  The polar2grid python package also has the following prerequisite
packages:

    - numpy
    - h5py
    - netCDF4
    - matplotlib

Creating Software Bundle from Subversion Repository
---------------------------------------------------

.. warning::

    When using the ``tar`` command make sure the version used properly
    handles symbolic links (the fornav, ll2cr, and polar2grid symlinks).

Follow these steps to recreate the software bundle ``*.tar.gz`` file.

    1. Create the software bundle directory and change to it::

        mkdir polar2grid-swbundle-<version>
        cd polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

    2. Create binary directory::

        mkdir bin

    3. Download ms2gt, compile it, and link to the used utilities:

        Prerequisite - Make a ms2gt source package (from the development repository)::

            cd /path/to/repos/checkout/root/ms2gt/
            make tar
            mv ms2gt<ms2gt-version>.tar.gz /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

            # To delete the temporary directory that was made:
            rm -r ms2gt<ms2gt-version>

            cd /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>


        Or you can download the .tar.gz file from here:
            http://www.ssec.wisc.edu/~davidh/polar2grid/ms2gt/

        Compile and link it::

            tar -xzf ms2gt<ms2gt-version>.tar.gz
            mv ms2gt<version> ms2gt
            cd ms2gt
            make
            cd ..
            ln -s ../ms2gt/bin/fornav bin/fornav
            ln -s ../ms2gt/bin/ll2cr bin/ll2cr

    4. Copy/install precompiled ShellB3 package::

        tar -xzf ShellB3-<SB3-version>.tar.gz

       .. note:: Currently there aren't any publicly available ShellB3 tarball packages, contact us to get one.

    5. Download the polar2grid python package, uncompress it, and link to it:
           
        Prerequisite - Make the polar2gird python package::

            cd /path/to/repos/checkout/root/py/
            make all_sdist
            mv dist/*.tar.gz /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>/

            # put the eggs on the repoistory if ready
            scp *.tar.gz larch:/var/apache/larch/htdocs/eggs/repos/

        Install the packages directly from the tarball files::

            cd /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

            # All dependencies should be installed automatically with this command:
            ShellB3/bin/python -m easy_install /path/to/repos/checkout/root/py/dist/*.tar.gz

        Or install the packages from the egg repository::

            cd /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>
            # all dependencies should be automatically installed
            ShellB3/bin/python -m easy_install -f http://larch.ssec.wisc.edu/cgi-bin/repos.cgi polar2grid

    6. Copy any bundle scripts and environment scripts to software bundle directory::

        cp /path/to/repos/checkout/root/swbundle/* /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>/bin/


    7. Compress software bundle into a tarball::

        tar -czf polar2grid-swbundle-<version>.tar.gz polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

Creating A Test Bundle
----------------------

Most polar2grid test bundles should follow this same sequence of creation
for consistency.

    1. Make the directory and change into it::

        mkdir p2g-v2a-ak-tests
        cd p2g-v2a-ak-tests

       where ``p2g`` stands for 'polar2grid'. The ``v2a`` stands for
       'viirs2awips' or whatever polar2grid script this bundle will be
       testing.  The ``ak`` is a descriptive identifier, in this case
       it stands for Alaska meaning that this test bundle has only
       Alaska (or grid 203) test cases.

    2. Make test case directories::

        mkdir ak_20120408

       where test case input data files are put.

    3. Make a verify directory::

        mkdir verify

       where you put the known valid output files of all the test cases.

    4. Create a ``run.sh`` script that looks at all test case directories
       running the script being tested.  It will likely need to source the
       polar2grid_env.sh file to properly use the script.  It should also
       print "SUCCESS" as the last line of output.  In the product directory
       created should be all of the product files that were created for all
       test cases.

    5. Create a ``verify.sh`` script that looks at all the known good
       output files in the ``verify`` directory and compares them to the
       test produced files in the product directory.  It should print
       "SUCCESS" as the last line of output.

    6. Package the bundle directory into a .tar.gz file and distribute to
       users.

ms2gt Changes or Known issues
-----------------------------

The original ms2gt was last updated May 31st, 2001.  To fit the needs of
polar2grid some of fornav and ll2cr had to be changed/fixed.  The following
changes were made:

    fornav:

        * Allow for fill values other than 0 in the outputted grid:
              This usually would not be an issue, but for certain data cases
              0 is a valid data point.  If 0 was used as the fill value then
              invalid and valid data points would be indistinguishable.
        * Allow provided data channels to have different fill masks:
              fornav "shared" fill masks between data channels/bands.  So if
              one data channel was found to be invalid for a location then so
              was the other.  This fix causes slightly more memory to be used,
              but is necessary for fornav to be used as intended.
        * [Not Fixed] fornav does not properly handle navigation data be
          invalid.  This could also be from ll2cr.

    ll2cr:

        * Allow for lower-case multi-word projection names:
              ll2cr uses a mapx.c library file that has a subfunction for
              converting the name/type of the projection mentioned in the
              gpd (or .mpp) file.  ll2cr was intended to be case-insensitive.
              The mapx function had a bug that resulted in only lower-case
              multi-word projection names being unknown.  This function was
              patched to resolve this issue.

    other:

        * Makefiles did not compile on Enterprise Linux 5 (at least):
            The root Makefile and the src Makefile had incorrect usage of the
            MAKEFLAGS variable.  They did this
            ::

                $(MAKE) $(MAKEFLAGS) ...

            when all you need to do is
            ::

                $(MAKE) ...

            ``make`` passes these flags automatically in the background.
            Those 2 make files also redeclared the MAKE variable as ``make``.
            The ``make`` utility already does this for you.

Commit message:

Changed ms2gt's Makefile to default to dynamic linking (fixes #47). Fixed ms2gt's Makefile to properly create tar files and changed it to include binaries if they exist. Added documentation about compiling statically and how to make the software bundle from scratch. Added a polar2grid make target for sending python source tarballs to the larch egg repository (torepos).

py/polar2grid/doc/source/advanced.rst, after:

Advanced Topics
===============

Python Package Install
----------------------

If you would like more control over your python/polar2grid environment
you can install the polar2grid python package like any basic python egg:

    ``easy_install -f http://larch.ssec.wisc.edu/cgi-bin/repos.cgi polar2grid``

Installing polar2grid in this way does require, however, that the ms2gt
utilities ``ll2cr`` and ``fornav`` must be in your $PATH environment
variable. The newest version of ms2gt used by polar2grid is available
`here <http://www.ssec.wisc.edu/~davidh/polar2grid/ms2gt/>`_. Once
untarred (``tar -xzf <tar.gz file>``), the binaries are located in the
``bin`` directory.
The polar2grid python package also has python package dependencies, but those
will be installed automatically.

Creating Software Bundle from Subversion Repository
---------------------------------------------------

.. warning::

    When using the ``tar`` command make sure the version used properly
    handles symbolic links (the fornav, ll2cr, and polar2grid symlinks).

Follow these steps to recreate the software bundle ``*.tar.gz`` file.

    1. Create the software bundle directory and change to it::

        mkdir polar2grid-swbundle-<version>
        cd polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

    2. Create binary directory::

        mkdir bin

    3. Compile ms2gt, tar it, and link to the used utilities:

        Prerequisite - Make a ms2gt source package
        (from the development repository). This should only be done on a
        special build RHEL 5 machine (MilliCentOS5m64 Virtual Machine) to
        make the binaries compatible with more systems::

            cd /path/to/repos/root/ms2gt/
            # Build ms2gt statically
            LDFLAGS=-static make 
            # Package it into a tarball
            make tar
            # Move (or scp) to the bundle build directory
            mv ms2gt<ms2gt-version>.tar.gz /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

            # To delete the temporary directory that was made:
            rm -r ms2gt<ms2gt-version>

            cd /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>


        Or you can download the .tar.gz file from here:
            http://www.ssec.wisc.edu/~davidh/polar2grid/ms2gt/

        Soft link it::

            tar -xzf ms2gt<ms2gt-version>.tar.gz
            mv ms2gt<version> ms2gt
            ln -s ../ms2gt/bin/fornav bin/fornav
            ln -s ../ms2gt/bin/ll2cr bin/ll2cr

    4. Copy/install precompiled ShellB3 package::

        tar -xzf ShellB3-<SB3-version>.tar.gz

       .. note:: Currently there aren't any publicly available ShellB3 tarball packages, contact us to get one.

    5. Download the polar2grid python package, uncompress it, and link to it:
           
        Prerequisite - Make the polar2gird python package::

            cd /path/to/repos/checkout/root/py/
            # make clean (optional)
            make all_sdist

            # put the eggs in the repository if ready
            make torepos

        Install the packages directly from the tarball files::

            cd /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

            # All dependencies should be installed automatically with this command:
            ShellB3/bin/python -m easy_install /path/to/repos/checkout/root/py/dist/*.tar.gz

        Or install the packages from the egg repository::

            cd /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>
            # all dependencies should be automatically installed
            ShellB3/bin/python -m easy_install -f http://larch.ssec.wisc.edu/cgi-bin/repos.cgi polar2grid

    6. Copy any bundle scripts and environment scripts to software bundle directory::

        cp /path/to/repos/checkout/root/swbundle/* /path/to/polar2grid-swbundle-<version>/bin/


    7. Compress software bundle into a tarball::

        tar -czf polar2grid-swbundle-<version>.tar.gz polar2grid-swbundle-<version>

Creating A Test Bundle
----------------------

Most polar2grid test bundles should follow this same sequence of creation
for consistency.

    1. Make the directory and change into it::

        mkdir p2g-v2a-ak-tests
        cd p2g-v2a-ak-tests

       where ``p2g`` stands for 'polar2grid'. The ``v2a`` stands for
       'viirs2awips' or whatever polar2grid script this bundle will be
       testing.  The ``ak`` is a descriptive identifier, in this case
       it stands for Alaska meaning that this test bundle has only
       Alaska (or grid 203) test cases.

    2. Make test case directories::

        mkdir ak_20120408

       where test case input data files are put.

    3. Make a verify directory::

        mkdir verify

       where you put the known valid output files of all the test cases.

    4. Create a ``run.sh`` script that looks at all test case directories
       running the script being tested.  It will likely need to source the
       polar2grid_env.sh file to properly use the script.  It should also
       print "SUCCESS" as the last line of output.  In the product directory
       created should be all of the product files that were created for all
       test cases.

    5. Create a ``verify.sh`` script that looks at all the known good
       output files in the ``verify`` directory and compares them to the
       test produced files in the product directory.  It should print
       "SUCCESS" as the last line of output.

    6. Package the bundle directory into a .tar.gz file and distribute to
       users.

ms2gt Changes or Known issues
-----------------------------

The original ms2gt was last updated May 31st, 2001.  To fit the needs of
polar2grid some of fornav and ll2cr had to be changed/fixed.  The following
changes were made:

    fornav:

        * Allow for fill values other than 0 in the outputted grid:
              This usually would not be an issue, but for certain data cases
              0 is a valid data point.  If 0 was used as the fill value then
              invalid and valid data points would be indistinguishable.
        * Allow provided data channels to have different fill masks:
              fornav "shared" fill masks between data channels/bands.  So if
              one data channel was found to be invalid for a location then so
              was the other.  This fix causes slightly more memory to be used,
              but is necessary for fornav to be used as intended.
        * [Not Fixed] fornav does not properly handle navigation data be
          invalid.  This could also be from ll2cr.

    ll2cr:

        * Allow for lower-case multi-word projection names:
              ll2cr uses a mapx.c library file that has a subfunction for
              converting the name/type of the projection mentioned in the
              gpd (or .mpp) file.  ll2cr was intended to be case-insensitive.
              The mapx function had a bug that resulted in only lower-case
              multi-word projection names being unknown.  This function was
              patched to resolve this issue.

    other:

        * Makefiles did not compile on Enterprise Linux 5 (at least):
            The root Makefile and the src Makefile had incorrect usage of the
            MAKEFLAGS variable.  They did this
            ::

                $(MAKE) $(MAKEFLAGS) ...

            when all you need to do is
            ::

                $(MAKE) ...

            ``make`` passes these flags automatically in the background.
            Those 2 make files also redeclared the MAKE variable as ``make``.
            The ``make`` utility already does this for you.
