py/polar2grid/doc/source/getting_started.rst, before:

Polar2Grid Basics
=================

All of the tools provided by Polar2Grid can be found in the ``bin`` directory
of the extracted tarball. The majority of the scripts in the software bundle
are wrappers around python software.

Basic Usage
-----------

The most common use of Polar2Grid is to convert satellite data files in to
gridded image files. This is accomplished through the ``polar2grid.sh``
script. Due to the modular design of Polar2Grid a user only needs
to decide on a :doc:`Reader <readers/index>` and a
:doc:`Writer <writers/index>` and provide them to ``polar2grid.sh``:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/polar2grid.sh viirs_sdr gtiff -f <path to files>/<list of files>

where ``<list of files>`` includes input calibrated data and geolocation
files. If you provide only ``<path to files>`` the
path will be searched for the necessary files to make as many products as
possible. Similarly if processing errors occur Polar2Grid will attempt to
continue processing to make as many products as it can.

For example, executing the following:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/polar2grid.sh viirs_sdr gtiff -f /home/data/viirs/sdr

will create an 8-bit GeoTIFF files of all M-Band, I-Band, and Day/Night Band
SDR files it finds in the ``/home/data/viirs/sdr`` directory as long as it
contains the matching geolocation files. If multiple granules are provided
to ``polar2grid.sh`` they will be aggregated together.
By default the above command resamples the data to a Google Earth compatible
Platte Carrée projected grid at ~600m resolution, but this can be changed
with command line arguments.

Common Script Options
---------------------

Additional command line arguments for the ``polar2grid.sh`` script and
their defaults are described in the related
:doc:`reader <readers/index>` or :doc:`writer <writers/index>` sections.
Options that affect remapping are described in the :doc:`remapping` section.
Additionally all Polar2Grid bash scripts accept a ``-h`` argument to list
all the available command line arguments.
Although the available command line arguments may change depending on the
reader and writer specified, there are a set of common arguments that
are always available:

.. rst-class:: full_width_table

    -h                    Print detailed helpful information.
    --list-products       List all possible product options to use with -p from the given input data.
    -p                    List of products to create.
    -f                    Input files and paths.
    --grid-coverage       Fraction of grid that must be covered by valid data. Default is 0.1.
    -g <grid_name>        Specify the output grid to use. Default is the Platte Carrée projection, also
                          known as the wgs84 coordinate system. See :doc:`grids` and :doc:`custom_grids`
                          for information on possible values.
    --debug               Don’t remove intermediate files upon completion.
    -v                    Print detailed log information.

For information on other scripts and features provided by Polar2Grid see
the :doc:`utilscripts` or :doc:`misc_recipes` sections or
the various examples through out the :doc:`reader <readers/index>` and
:doc:`writer <writers/index>` sections.

Reader/Writer Combinations
--------------------------

The table below is a summary of the possible combinations of readers and
writers and expectations for the inputs and outputs of ``polar2grid.sh``.
To access these features provide the "reader" and "writer" names to the
``polar2grid.sh`` script followed by other script options:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/polar2grid.sh <reader> <writer> <options> -f /path/to/files

In previous versions of Polar2Grid scripts were all named
``<reader>2<writer>.sh`` instead of
``polar2grid.sh <reader> <writer>``. These legacy scripts are still available
and still work but the new form of calling is preferred. For example:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/avhrr2awips.sh <options> -f /path/to/files

.. raw:: latex

    \newpage
    \begin{landscape}

.. include:: summary_table.rst

.. raw:: latex

    \end{landscape}
    \newpage

Custom Grid Utility
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Polar2Grid software bundle comes with a wrapper script for the
:ref:`Custom Grid Utility <util_p2g_grid_helper>` for easily creating Polar2Grid grids over
a certain longitude and latitude. To run it from the software bundle wrapper run::

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/p2g_grid_helper.sh ...

See the :ref:`script's documentation <util_p2g_grid_helper>` for more information
on how to use this script and the arguments it accepts.

Commit message:

Beefed up basic information section and re-ordered readers

py/polar2grid/doc/source/getting_started.rst, after:

Polar2Grid Basics
=================

All of the tools provided by Polar2Grid can be found in the ``bin`` directory
of the extracted tarball. The majority of the scripts in the software bundle
are wrappers around python software.

Basic Usage
-----------

The most common use of Polar2Grid is to convert satellite data files in to
gridded image files. In previous versions, this was done primarily through bash shell scripts that explicitly define the reader and writer in the script name.  For example,

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/viirs2gtiff.sh -f <path to files>/<list of files>

can be used to create GeoTIFF single band images of all S-NPP VIIRS imager SDR calibrated data with accompnying geolocation files found in ``<path to files>/<list of files>``. 

In Version 2.1, we encourage users to migrate to an implementation of Polar2Grid where the reader and writer are defined as arguments to the main polar2grid.sh script.  This implementation takes advantage of the modular design of Polar2Grid; a user only needs to decide on a :doc:`Reader <readers/index>` and a :doc:`Writer <writers/index>` and provide them to ``polar2grid.sh``. Creating VIIRS SDR GeoTIFF images from input SDRs using the polar2grid.sh script would look like:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/polar2grid.sh viirs_sdr gtiff -f <path to files>/<list of files>

Future versions of Polar2Grid will not include support for the individual legacy bash shell scripts.  We strongly encourage users to migrate to the polar2grid.sh model.  Please see :ref:`reader_writer_combos` for more information.  

In Polar2Grid the ``<path to files>`` will be searched for the necessary files to make as many products as possible. Similarly if processing errors occur Polar2Grid will attempt to continue processing to make as many products as it can. 

For example, executing the following:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/polar2grid.sh viirs_sdr gtiff -f /home/data/viirs/sdr

will create an 8-bit GeoTIFF files of all M-Band, I-Band, and Day/Night Band
SDR files it finds in the ``/home/data/viirs/sdr`` directory as long as it
contains the matching geolocation files. If multiple granules are provided
to ``polar2grid.sh`` they will be aggregated together.
By default the above command resamples the data to a Google Earth compatible
Platte Carrée projected grid at ~600m resolution, but this can be changed
with command line arguments.

Common Script Options
---------------------

Additional command line arguments for the ``polar2grid.sh`` script and
their defaults are described in the related
:doc:`reader <readers/index>` or :doc:`writer <writers/index>` sections.
Options that affect remapping are described in the :doc:`remapping` section.
Additionally all Polar2Grid bash scripts accept a ``-h`` argument to list
all the available command line arguments.
Although the available command line arguments may change depending on the
reader and writer specified, there are a set of common arguments that
are always available:

.. rst-class:: full_width_table

    -h                    Print detailed helpful information.
    --list-products       List all possible product options to use with -p from the given input data.
    -p                    List of products to create.
    -f                    Input files and paths.
    --grid-coverage       Fraction of grid that must be covered by valid data. Default is 0.1.
    -g <grid_name>        Specify the output grid to use. Default is the Platte Carrée projection, also
                          known as the wgs84 coordinate system. See :doc:`grids` and :doc:`custom_grids`
                          for information on possible values.
    --debug               Don’t remove intermediate files upon completion.
    -v                    Print detailed log information.

Examples:

.. code:: bash

    polar2grid.sh modis gtiff --list-products -f <path to files>/<list of files>

    modis2awips.sh -p vis01 bt20 --grid-coverage=.25 -g 211e -v -f <path to files>



For information on other scripts and features provided by Polar2Grid see
the :doc:`utilscripts` or :doc:`misc_recipes` sections or
the various examples through out the :doc:`reader <readers/index>` and
:doc:`writer <writers/index>` sections.

.. _reader_writer_combos:

Reader/Writer Combinations
--------------------------

The table below is a summary of the possible combinations of readers and
writers and expectations for the inputs and outputs of ``polar2grid.sh``.
To access these features provide the "reader" and "writer" names to the
``polar2grid.sh`` script followed by other script options:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/polar2grid.sh <reader> <writer> <options> -f /path/to/files

In previous versions of Polar2Grid scripts were all named
``<reader>2<writer>.sh`` instead of
``polar2grid.sh <reader> <writer>``. These legacy scripts are still available
and still work but the new form of calling is preferred. For example:

.. code:: bash

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/avhrr2awips.sh <options> -f /path/to/files

.. raw:: latex

    \newpage
    \begin{landscape}

.. include:: summary_table.rst

.. raw:: latex

    \end{landscape}
    \newpage

Creating Your Own Custom Grids
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Polar2Grid software bundle comes with a wrapper script for the
:ref:`Custom Grid Utility <util_p2g_grid_helper>` for easily creating Polar2Grid grids over
a user determined longitude and latitude region. To run it from the software bundle wrapper run::

    $POLAR2GRID_HOME/bin/p2g_grid_helper.sh ...

See the :ref:`script's documentation <util_p2g_grid_helper>` for more information
on how to use this script and the arguments it accepts.
