py/polar2grid/doc/source/overview.rst, before:

Polar2Grid is a set of command line tools for extracting swath data from
earth-observing satellite instruments, remapping it to uniform grids,
and writing that gridded data to a new file format.
Polar2Grid was created by scientists and software developers at the
`SSEC <http://www.ssec.wisc.edu>`_. It is distributed as part of the
`CSPP <http://cimss.ssec.wisc.edu/cspp/>`_ and
`IMAPP <http://cimss.ssec.wisc.edu/imapp>`_ projects for
processing of data received via direct broadcast antennas. Although
Polar2Grid was created to serve the direct
broadcast community, it can be used on most archived data files.

The features provided by Polar2Grid are accessible via bash scripts and binary
command line tools. This is meant to give scientists an easy way to use and
access features that typically involve complicated programming interfaces.
Linux terminal commands included in these instructions assume the bash shell
is used.

.. note::

    A collaboration between the Polar2Grid and PyTroll team will change a
    majority of the low-level code in future versions of Polar2Grid.
    However, the bash scripts will still be available to provide the same
    functionality with which users are familiar.

.. only:: not html

    `Documentation Website <http://www.ssec.wisc.edu/software/polar2grid/>`_

`GitHub Repository <https://github.com/davidh-ssec/polar2grid>`_

`Contact Us <http://cimss.ssec.wisc.edu/contact-form/index.php?name=CSPP%20Questions>`_

Commit message:

Move documentation examples under the frontend they describe

py/polar2grid/doc/source/overview.rst, after:

Polar2Grid is a set of command line tools for extracting swath data from
earth-observing satellite instruments, remapping it to uniform grids,
and writing that gridded data to a new file format.
Polar2Grid was created by scientists and software developers at the
`SSEC <http://www.ssec.wisc.edu>`_. It is distributed as part of the
`CSPP <http://cimss.ssec.wisc.edu/cspp/>`_ and
`IMAPP <http://cimss.ssec.wisc.edu/imapp>`_ projects for
processing of data received via direct broadcast antennas. Although
Polar2Grid was created to serve the direct
broadcast community, it can be used on most archived data files.

The features provided by Polar2Grid are accessible via bash scripts and binary
command line tools. This is meant to give scientists an easy way to use and
access features that typically involve complicated programming interfaces.
Linux terminal commands included in these instructions assume the bash shell
is used.

.. note::

    A collaboration between the Polar2Grid and PyTroll team will change a
    majority of the low-level code in future versions of Polar2Grid.
    However, the bash scripts will still be available to provide the same
    functionality with which users are familiar. Polar2Grid terminology
    such as "frontend" and "backend" is now used interchangeably with the
    SatPy terminology "reader" and "writer".

.. only:: not html

    `Documentation Website <http://www.ssec.wisc.edu/software/polar2grid/>`_

`GitHub Repository <https://github.com/davidh-ssec/polar2grid>`_

`Contact Us <http://cimss.ssec.wisc.edu/contact-form/index.php?name=CSPP%20Questions>`_
