py/polar2grid/doc/source/rescaling.rst, before:

Rescaling
=========

Rescaling is a polar2grid component shared by most backends that rescales
gridded image data in the common case.  The underlying code also holds
scaling functions that may be useful to frontends or glue scripts to equalize
or scale data for other purposes.  The following sections describe each scaling function in the rescaling code.

Backend Scaling Functions
-------------------------

The functions described below are intended for use by polar2grid backends.
These functions ignore any fill/invalid values in the data.  Common values
for the default scaling configurations are listed.  See the
`configuration files <https://github.com/davidh-ssec/polar2grid/blob/master/py/polar2grid_core/polar2grid/core/rescale_configs/>`_
in the source repository for exact values used. The function definitions
below name the positional arguments in the configuration file.

.. _rescale_square_root_enhancement:

Square Root Enhancement
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: sqrt
:argument 1: inner_mult
:argument 2: outer_mult

.. math:: \text{rescaled\_data} = \operatorname{round}(\sqrt{\text{data} * inner\_mult} * outer\_mult)

Example (0-255 from 0-1 data):

.. math:: \text{rescaled\_data} = \operatorname{round}(\sqrt{\text{data} * 100.0} * 25.5)

.. _rescale_btemp:

Brightness Temperature
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: btemp
:argument 1: threshold
:argument 2: high_max
:argument 3: high_mult
:argument 4: low_max
:argument 5: low_mult

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases} 
        low\_max - (low\_mult * \text{temp}) & \text{temp} < threshold \\
        high\_max - (high\_mult * \text{temp}) & \text{temp}\ge threshold
     \end{cases}

Example (0-255 from brightness temperature data):

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases} 
        418 - (1 * \text{temp}) & \text{temp} < 242.0 \\
        660 - (2 * \text{temp}) & \text{temp}\ge 242.0
     \end{cases}

.. _rescale_fog:

Fog (Temperature Difference)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: fog
:argument 1: m
:argument 2: b
:argument 3: floor
:argument 4: floor_val
:argument 5: ceil
:argument 6: ceil_val

.. math::

    \text{tmp} = m * \text{temp} + b 

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases}
        floor\_val & \text{tmp} < floor \\
        ceil\_val & \text{tmp} > ceil \\
        \text{tmp} & \text{otherwise}
    \end{cases}

Example (0-255 from -10-10 degree temperature differences):

.. math::

    \text{tmp} = 10.0 * \text{temp} + 105.0

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases}
        4 & \text{tmp} < 5 \\
        206 & \text{tmp} > 205 \\
        \text{tmp} & \text{otherwise}
    \end{cases}

.. _rescale_linear:

Linear
^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: linear
:argument 1: m
:argument 2: b

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = m * \text{data} + b

Example (0-255 from 0-1 data):

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 255.0 * \text{data} + 0.0

Passive
^^^^^^^

A passive function to tell the rescaler "don't do anything".

Commit message:

added more documentation about incrementing during rescaling. fixes #46

py/polar2grid/doc/source/rescaling.rst, after:

Rescaling
=========

Rescaling is a polar2grid component shared by most backends that rescales
gridded image data in the common case.  The underlying code also holds
scaling functions that may be useful to frontends or glue scripts to equalize
or scale data for other purposes.  The following sections describe each scaling function in the rescaling code.

Backend Scaling Functions
-------------------------

The functions described below are intended for use by polar2grid backends.
These functions ignore any fill/invalid values in the data.  Common values
for the default scaling configurations are listed.  See the
`configuration files <https://github.com/davidh-ssec/polar2grid/blob/master/py/polar2grid_core/polar2grid/core/rescale_configs/>`_
in the source repository for exact values used. The function definitions
below name the positional arguments in the configuration file.

One thing to note about the default rescaling is that it will automatically
increment the data after one of the below rescaling functions is called. This
is to assist the user in the common case that fill values should be their own
unique value (a valid value should not equal a fill value anywhere in the
data). This incrementing is the default behavior in most glue scripts, but
most provide a flag to turn this off (:option:`viirs2gtiff --dont_inc`).

As an
example, if the geotiff backend was given data and then it scaled that
data to a 0-255 range, the default fill value of -999.0 would be set to 0
due to clipping for a specific :term:`data type`.  This means that in
the end product fill/error values would be indistinguishable from valid data
values. Incrementing gets around this; by scaling data to 0-254 and then
incrementing the data you get 0 as the fill value and valid data in the
1-255 range. Of course, data ranges depend on the rescaling decisions of the
backend where most depend on the :term:`data type` of the output.

.. _rescale_square_root_enhancement:

Square Root Enhancement
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: sqrt
:argument 1: inner_mult
:argument 2: outer_mult

.. math:: \text{rescaled\_data} = \operatorname{round}(\sqrt{\text{data} * inner\_mult} * outer\_mult)

Example (0-255 from 0-1 data):

.. math:: \text{rescaled\_data} = \operatorname{round}(\sqrt{\text{data} * 100.0} * 25.5)

.. _rescale_btemp:

Brightness Temperature
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: btemp
:argument 1: threshold
:argument 2: high_max
:argument 3: high_mult
:argument 4: low_max
:argument 5: low_mult

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases} 
        low\_max - (low\_mult * \text{temp}) & \text{temp} < threshold \\
        high\_max - (high\_mult * \text{temp}) & \text{temp}\ge threshold
     \end{cases}

Example (0-255 from brightness temperature data):

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases} 
        418 - (1 * \text{temp}) & \text{temp} < 242.0 \\
        660 - (2 * \text{temp}) & \text{temp}\ge 242.0
     \end{cases}

.. _rescale_fog:

Fog (Temperature Difference)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: fog
:argument 1: m
:argument 2: b
:argument 3: floor
:argument 4: floor_val
:argument 5: ceil
:argument 6: ceil_val

.. math::

    \text{tmp} = m * \text{temp} + b 

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases}
        floor\_val & \text{tmp} < floor \\
        ceil\_val & \text{tmp} > ceil \\
        \text{tmp} & \text{otherwise}
    \end{cases}

Example (0-255 from -10-10 degree temperature differences):

.. math::

    \text{tmp} = 10.0 * \text{temp} + 105.0

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 
    \begin{cases}
        4 & \text{tmp} < 5 \\
        206 & \text{tmp} > 205 \\
        \text{tmp} & \text{otherwise}
    \end{cases}

.. _rescale_linear:

Linear
^^^^^^

:rescale_kind: linear
:argument 1: m
:argument 2: b

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = m * \text{data} + b

Example (0-255 from 0-1 data):

.. math::

    \text{rescaled\_data} = 255.0 * \text{data} + 0.0

Passive
^^^^^^^

A passive function to tell the rescaler "don't do anything".
